now from Kuwait to Yemen thousands of
protesters have also marched across
several cities to show their solidarity
with the Palestinians hundreds of people
celebrated in the Iranian Capital tan
following hamas's attacks on Israel
crowds rallied at the Palestine Square
waving Palestinian flags and chanting
anti-israel slogans and in Parliament
Iranian MPS voiced their support for the
unprecedented attack on Israel this was
the scene in isul where thousands of
people marched to show their support for
Palestinian Fighters many also waved
Palestinian Flags Enchanted slogans in
support of
Hamas Turkish president rajab T uan is
urging both sides to deescalate
tensions on behalf of turkia and in
light of this morning's event in Israel
we invite all parties to act reasonably
and to stay away from impulsive steps
that raise tensions
rallies were also held in Yemen's
capital S people celebrated the alaa
flood military operation by
Hamas and in Kuwait crowds also marched
in support of Palestinians in
Gaza